cockpit-ws: add page (#9160)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/cockpit-ws.md

# cockpit-ws

> Communicate between the browser application and various configuration tools and services like `cockpit-bridge`.
> More information: <https://cockpit-project.org/guide/latest/cockpit-ws.8.html>.

> - Check which certificate `cockpit-ws` will use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authenticate via SSH at `127.0.0.1` port `22`:
```

Reviewer: @rajatmohan22 The page LGTM, Can you commit this suggestion alone?

> - Authenticate via SSH at `127.0.0.1` port `22`:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this better
```suggestion
- Start with authentication via SSH at `127.0.0.1` port `22` enabled:
```

> - Start with authentication via SSH at `127.0.0.1` port `22` enabled:

Reviewer 2: A connector is missing here
```suggestion
- Start with authentication via SSH at `127.0.0.1` with port `22` enabled:
```

`cockpit-ws --local-ssh`

> - Serve HTTP requests to a specific PORT instead of port `9090`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start an HTTP server on a specific port:
```

> `cockpit-ws --port {{PORT}}`

Reviewer 2: We use `snake_case` for placeholders
```suggestion
`cockpit-ws --port {{port}}`
```

> - Bind to a specific ADDRESS instead of binding to all available addresses:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start and bind to a specific IP address (defaults to `0.0.0.0`):
```

> `cockpit-ws --address {{ADDRESS}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cockpit-ws --address {{ip_address}}`
```

> - Don't use TLS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Start without TLS:
```

# cockpit-ws

> > Communicate between the browser application and various configuration tools and services like cockpit-bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Communicate between the browser application and various configuration tools and services like `cockpit-bridge`.
```

> > Used for communication between the browser application and various configuration tools and services like cockpit-bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Used for communication between the browser application and various configuration tools and services like `cockpit-bridge`.
```

> More information: <https://cockpit-project.org/guide/latest/cockpit-ws.8.html>.

> - Check which certificate cockpit-ws will use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check which certificate `cockpit-ws` will use:
```

> - To check which certificate cockpit-ws will use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check which certificate `cockpit-ws` will use:
```
I am not sure if this command is fine as it isn't a part of `cockpit-ws` we don't usually add external commands to these pages. @navarroaxel What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Exactly, this correspond to new page called `remotectl`

Author: Should I remove it and push again?

Author: I am new to Open Sourcing and don't know how these "request reviews" work. Pardon me if Ive done anything wrong.
Like mentioned I have removed the remotectl command and pushed again.

`sudo remotectl certificate`

> - Show help options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-Display help:
```
This is what we use for help commands across all pages (except some). **Also, move the help command to the last in this page**

`cockpit-ws --help`

> - Authenticate via SSH at 127.0.0.1 port 22:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authenticate via SSH at `127.0.0.1` port `22`:
```
Adding this suggestion to better align with official documentation.

`cockpit-ws --local-ssh`

> - Serve HTTP requests PORT instead of port 9090:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Serve HTTP requests to a specific PORT instead of port `9090`:
```

> `cockpit-ws --port PORT`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cockpit-ws --port {{PORT}}`
```
We enclose command arguments and placeholders in `{{}}`.

> - Bind to address ADDRESS instead of binding to all available addresses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bind to a specific ADDRESS instead of binding to all available addresses:
```

> `cockpit-ws --address ADDRESS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cockpit-ws --address {{ADDRESS}}`
```

Reviewer: > Sure, I'll make these changes and push again immediately. Could you just confirm about the certificate command?

You can implement other suggestions. Let's wait for insights regarding that command alone.
